Update README.md link to docs and formatting (#1)
geographyclub/qgis-expressions: README.md

My most used QGIS expressions, plus style files and screenshots.

> See the full list of qgis expressions: [Function list](https://docs.qgis.org/3.40/en/docs/user_manual/expressions/functions_list.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the full list of qgis expressions: [Function list](https://docs.qgis.org/latest/en/docs/user_manual/expressions/functions_list.html).
```

Author: Even better, was not aware that this was possible!
